Buying a product from an advertiser on our site is the same as buying through a traditional newspaper or magazine ad. Check if the seller has a returns policy by contacting them directly.  Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers or classified advertisers (collectively "Advertisers") found on or through the site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such Advertiser. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such Advertisers on the site.

ASK FOR A COPY OF THE WRITTEN RETURN POLICY BEFORE YOU COMPLETE THE PURCHASE OR LEASE OF A PRODUCT. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO VERIFY AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF THE RETURN POLICY BEING OFFERED FOR THE PRODUCT YOU ARE CONSIDERING BEFORE YOU COMPLETE THE PURCHASE OR LEASE.  OUR SITE OFFERS CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING LISTING SERVICES TO THIRD PARTIES.  WE DO NOT APPROVE, INSPECT, GUARANTEE QUALITY OR DELIVERY, OR OTHERWISE TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACTIONS OR FAILURES OF THE ADVERTISERS WHO USE OUR SITE.

We also have no responsibility for the descriptions posted by the advertisers who use the Site, including the completeness, accuracy, or honesty of those descriptions.  IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE DESCRIPTIONS OF THE PRODUCTS FOR SALE ON OUR SITE BY THE THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS, AND TO INSPECT THE PRODUCT WHERE POSSIBLE, AND MAKE FULL INQUIRIES, PRIOR TO COMPLETING YOUR PURCHASE(S).  Advertisers are responsible for disclosing the item’s condition, any damage, and any material defects or irregularities. IF ANY PRODUCT IS ADVERTISED AS BEING SOLD WITH A WARRANTY, ASK FOR A COPY OF THE WRITTEN WARRANTY BEFORE YOU COMPLETE THE TRANSACTION. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO VERIFY AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF ANY WARRANTY BEFORE YOU COMPLETE THE TRANSACTION.